   ‘A parable for the age of                                                                                                                 TH E I NTERN ATI O N A L BES TSELLER
    technological disruption …


                                                                                                                                            The Bomber
                                                                                                                                                                                                           P EN GU IN P RES S

    brilliantly, brilliantly told’                                                                                                                                                                         T H E B OM B ER M AFIA

   J A M E S M c C O N N A C H I E , S U N D AY T I M E S                                                                                                                                                  Date: 15/03/2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Designer: Jim – Æ
   ‘One true story, about a group




                                                                                                       MALCOLM GL ADWELL THE BOMBER MAFIA
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Prod. Controller:
    of American fighter pilots during


                                                                                                                                              Mafia
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Pub. Date:
    the second world war …                                                                                                                                                                                 ISBN: 9780141998374
    asks readers: whose side would                                         Cover design by Gregg
   you be on?’                                                             Kulick. Cover photographs
                                                                           by Getty Images. Author                                                                                                         S P IN E WIDT H : 1 5   MM
   LI L A H R A P TOP OU LOS, FINANCIAL TIMES
                                                                                                                                                                                                           • Estimated
                                                                           photograph © Celeste
                                                                           Sloman/Redux/eyevine.

                                                                                                                                            A Tale of Innovation and Obsession                             • Confirmed
                                                                                                                                                                                                           FORM AT
   ‘Remarkable … a work of art’                                                                                                                                                                            B-format paperbck
   P A U L K E N N E D Y , WA L L S T R E E T J O U R N A L

   ‘Fascinating … Gladwell’s eloquence and flair
                                                                                                                                                                                                           P RIN T
    for lateral thinking make for a compelling read’
   S I M O N G R I F F I T H , M A I L O N S U N D AY                                                                                                                                                      •••• CMYK
   ‘A riveting tale of persistence, obsession
    and innovation’                                                                                                                                                                                        FIN IS H ES

   MICHAEL LEWIS                                                                                                                                                                                           Regular Coated




                                                                                                                                             Malcolm
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Matte varnish to seal
   ‘Stunning … Gripping … a wonderful
    storyteller … I enjoyed this short book
    thoroughly, and would have been happy                                                                                                                                                                  P ROOFIN G M ET H OD

    if it had been twice as long’                                                                                                                                                                          • Wet  proofs




                                                                                                                                             Gladwell
   THOM AS E. RICKS, THE NE W YORK TIMES                                                                                                                                                                   • Digital only
                                                                                                                                                                                                           • No  further proof required


      I S B N 978-0-141-99837-4
                                      90000
                                                                                                                                                 ‘Big ideas … compelling narratives …
                                                                     AN     PENGUIN
                                                      U.K. £00.00
                                                                    ALLEN Psychology/                                                                      a superstar writer’
      9   780141 998374                                             LANE
                                                                    BOOK   Technology                                                                       FINANCIAL TIMES




9780141998374_TheBomberMafia_COV.indd 1,3                                                                                                                                               31/03/2022 15:10
                         Copyrighted Material
                   p e n g u i n b oo k s
               TH E B OM B E R M AFI A


         ‘Impassioned … engagingly written’
            Saul David, Daily Telegraph

  ‘Gladwell is to be applauded for insisting that we
    look at this uncomfortable history a little more
 honestly … a very readable account. It is full of the
   enlightening and entertaining tangents that have
      become something of a Gladwell trademark’
                 Keith Lowe, Spectator

       ‘Lively, engaging … A fascinating story
       appealingly delivered’ Gerard DeGroot,
                      The Times

‘Told with the muscular, driving narrative and fizzingly
     charismatic (real-life) characters of a movie’
               Ed Grenby, Radio Times

    ‘Fascinating … Gladwell’s eloquence and flair
   for lateral thinking make for a compelling read’
            Simon Griffith, Mail on Sunday

    ‘A thought-provoking, accessible account of how
      people respond to difficult choices in difficult
  times … Gladwell’s easy conversational style works
   well … his portraits of individuals are compelling’
            Diana Preston, Washington Post

      ‘Unexpected empathy … fabulistic energy’
                     Esquire

‘Important and characteristically readable … Gladwell
is possibly the most confident storyteller in non-fiction.
  He always knows exactly where he is going, and he
      takes you with him in pleasure and comfort’
              Simon Kuper, New Statesman


              Copyrighted Material
        ‘Excellent revisionist history … another
         Gladwell everything-you-thought-you-
            knew-was-wrong page-turner’
                     Kirkus Reviews

‘A ruminative, anecdotal account of what led up to the
   deadliest air raid of WWII … Gladwell provides
     plenty of colorful details and poses intriguing
   ­questions about the morality of warfare … fans
     will savor the insights into “how technology
          slips away from its intended path”’
                   Publishers Weekly

    ‘Truly compelling … written in New York Times
      bestseller Malcolm Gladwell’s characteristic
            ­approachable, story-telling style’
         Zibby Owens, Good Morning America

       ‘Malcolm Gladwell is a one-in-a-generation
      kind of writer … He has an uncanny way of
   finding the story within the story and pointing out
    the important lessons often hiding in plain sight’
                  Bryan Elliott, Inc.com




                    a b o u t t h e au t h or


Malcolm Gladwell is the author of six international bestsellers:
The Tipping Point, Blink, Outliers, What the Dog Saw, David and
Goliath and, most recently, Talking to Strangers. He is the host of
the podcast Revisionist History, a staff writer at The New Yorker
and co-founder of the audio company Pushkin Industries. He
graduated from the University of Toronto, Trinity College, with a
degree in History. Gladwell was born in England and grew up in
rural Ontario. He lives in New York.




                Copyrighted Material
T he B o m b e r M afia
  A Tale of Innovation
     and Obsession
     Malcolm Gladwell




        PEN GU IN B O O K S




     Copyrighted Material
                              P E N GUIN B O O KS
                      UK | USA | Canada | Ireland | Australia
                       India | New Zealand | South Africa

     Penguin Books is part of the Penguin Random House group of companies
        whose addresses can be found at global.penguinrandomhouse.com




First published in the United States of America by Little, Brown and Company 2021
                         First published by Allen Lane 2021
                          Published in Penguin Books 2022
                                         001

                      Copyright © Malcolm Gladwell, 2021

                  The moral right of the author has been asserted

         Printed and bound in Great Britain by Clays Ltd, Elcograf S.p.A.

    The authorized representative in the EEA is Penguin Random House Ireland,
            Morrison Chambers, 32 Nassau Street, Dublin d02 yh68

     A CIP catalogue record for this book is available from the British Library

                            isbn: 978–0–141–99837–4




                                www.greenpenguin.co.uk


                                      Penguin Random House is committed to a
                                      sustainable future for our business, our readers
                                      and our planet. This book is made from Forest
                                      Stewardship Council® certified paper.




                      Copyrighted Material
To KMO (and BKMO!)




Copyrighted Material
Copyrighted Material
              Contents


          AUTHOR’S NOTE      xiv


             INTRODUCTION:

   “This isn’t working. You’re out.”   3


      PA RT O N E : T H E D R E A M


             CHAPTER ONE:

“Mr. Norden was content to pass his time in
             the shop.” 13


             CHAPTER TWO:

    “We make progress unhindered by
             custom.” 30




                    vxiii



           Copyrighted Material
                  contents


             CHAPTER THREE:

  “He was lacking in the bond of human
             sympathy.” 53


              CHAPTER FOUR:

  “The truest of the true believers.”     76


              CHAPTER FIVE:

    “General Hansell was aghast.”        96


  PA RT T W O : T H E T E M P TAT I O N


          AUTHOR’S NOTE            119


               CHAPTER SIX:

 “It would be suicide, boys, suicide.”        123


             CHAPTER SEVEN:

“If you, then, will worship me, it will all be
                yours.” 146


             C H A P T E R E I G H T:

    “It’s all ashes—all that and that and
                  that.” 168



                      vxiiiii



           Copyrighted Material
               contents


            CHAPTER NINE:

    “Improvised destruction.”       187


            CONCLUSION:

“All of a sudden, the Air House would be
            gone. Poof.” 202


      ACKNOWLEDGMENTS             207

              NOTES         209

              INDEX         230




                  xiixi i

         Copyrighted Material
                Author’s Note



As a little boy, lying in his bed, my father would hear
the planes overhead. On their way in. Then, in the small
hours of the morning, heading back to Germany. This
was in England, in Kent, a few miles south and east of
London. My father was born in 1934, which meant he
was five when the Second World War broke out. Kent
was called Bomb Alley by the British, because it was
the English county that German warplanes would fly
over on their way to London.
    It was not uncommon, in those years, that if a
bomber missed its target or had bombs left over, it
would simply drop them anywhere on the return trip.
One day, a stray bomb landed in my grandparents’
back garden. It didn’t explode. It just sat there, half
buried in the ground—and I think it fair to say that
if you were a five-year-old boy with an interest in
things mechanical, a German bomb sitting unexploded
in your backyard would have been just about the most
extraordinary experience imaginable.


                          x xi v

               Copyrighted Material
                   author’s note


    Not that my father described it that way. My dad was
a mathematician. And an Englishman, which is to say
that the language of emotion was not his first language.
Rather, it was like Latin, or French—something one
could study and understand but never fully master. No,
that an unexploded German bomb in your backyard
would be the mostContents
                       extraordinary experience imagin-
able for a five-year-old was my interpretation when my
father told me the story of the bomb, when I was five
years old.
    That was in the late 1960s. We were living in
                AUTHOR’S NOTE            xiv
England then, in Southampton. Reminders of what
the country had gone through were still everywhere.
                     NTRODUCTION:
If you went to ILondon,        you could still tell where
      “This    isn’t  working.
the bombs had landed—wherever      You’re  out.” 3brutal-
                                        a hideous
ist building had sprouted up on some centuries-old
block. P A R T O N E : T H E D R E A M
    BBC Radio was always on in our house, and in
those days, it seemed    like every second interview was
                    CHAPTER ONE:
with an old general or paratrooper or prisoner of war.
  “Mr. Norden was content to pass his time in
The first short story I wrote as a kid was about the
                     the shop.” 13
idea that Hitler was actually still alive and coming
for England again. I sent it to my grandmother, the
one in Kent who’d   C Hhad
                        A P Tthe   TWO:
                              E R unexploded bomb in her
back garden.           my motherunhindered
               When progress
        “We make                                my story,
                                    heard about by
                        someone who
she admonished me:custom.”           30 had lived through
the war might not enjoy a plotline about Hitler’s
return.


                           x vi

               Copyrighted Material
                                          t so t e
                       a u tchoon rt ’esn n


    My father once   CH  A P Tme
                       took          T Hmy
                               E R and    REE   brothers
                                                  :         to a beach
overlooking
      “He was       English Channel.
                thelacking     in the bond    We crawled
                                                     of human together
through the remnants       of an old World
                      sympathy.”             53 War II fortifica-
tion. I still remember the thrill of wondering whether
we would come across some old bullets, or a shell
                     CHAPTER FOUR:
casing, or even the skeleton of some long-lost German
              truest of
      “The washed
spy who’d                         true believers.” 76
                           theshore.
                       up on
    I don’t think we lose our childhood fascinations. I
                      C H A Pjoke
know I didn’t. I always       T E RthatF I VifEthere’s
                                                :        a novel with
the word spy in it, I’ve read it. One day a few years
        “General Hansell was aghast.” 96
back, I was looking at my bookshelves and realized—to
my surprise—just how many nonfiction books about
          RT T W O : T H E T E M P TAT I O N
war PI Ahad    accumulated. The big history bestsellers,
but also the specialty histories. Out-of-print memoirs.
Academic texts.  A U And   R’S N
                     T H Owhat      O T E of 1war
                                   aspect           1 9 were most of
those books about? Bombing. Air Power, by Stephen
Budiansky. RhetoricC and        T E R S in
                         H A PReality          : Warfare, by Tami
                                          I XAir

        would Decision
   “It Biddle.
Davis              be suicide,overboys,
                                      Schweinfurt,
                                               suicide.”  by Thomas
                                                                123
M. Coffey. Whole shelves of these histories.*
    Usually when I start accumulating books like that it’s
                       HAPTER SEVEN:
because I want toC write      something about the subject. I
  “If  you,   then,    will  worship
have shelves of books on social psychology   me, it will       all be
                                                         because   I’ve
                        yours.”         146
made my living writing about social psychology. But I
never really wrote much about war—especially not the
                     C H A P T E R E I G H T:

* I could   go on.all
         “It’s             example, youthat
                       ashes—all
                   If, for                  and
                                        haven’t readthat and
                                                     Roberta Wohlstet-
ter’s Pearl Harbor: Warning and Decision, then you’re missing a
real treat.
                             that.” 168



                                 x vi i

                   Copyrighted Material
                                         t so t e
                      a u tchoon rt ’esn n


Second World War  CH        T E R specifically,
                     or,A Pmore    NINE:        airpower. Just
                                     *
          pieces here anddestruction.”
bits and “Improvised          there. Why? I 187   don’t know.
I imagine that a Freudian would have fun with that
question. But maybe the simpler answer is that the
                    CONCLUSION:
more a subject matters to you, the harder it is to find a
      youofwant
   “All
story        a sudden,           Air
                           the it.
                to tell about       TheHouse    wouldWhich
                                                        be
                                         bar is higher.
                 gone. Poof.”
brings us to The Bomber      Mafia, the202book you are read-
ing now. I’m happy to say that with The Bomber Mafia
I’ve found a story worthy of my obsession.
            ACKNOWLEDGMENTS                   207
    One last thing—about the use of that last word,
obsession. This book N Owas         209 in service to my
                           T E S written

                       also
obsessions. But it isI N   DEX      230about other people’s
                              a story
obsessions, about one of the grandest obsessions of the
twentieth century. I realize, when I look at the things
I’ve written about or explored over the years, that I’m
drawn again and again to obsessives. I like them. I like
the idea that someone could push away all the concerns
and details that make up everyday life and just zero in
on one thing—the thing that fits the contours of his or
her imagination. Obsessives lead us astray sometimes.
Can’t see the bigger picture. Serve not just the world’s
but also their own narrow interests. But I don’t think
we get progress or innovation or joy or beauty without
obsessives.

* Airpower has been something I’ve explored in a number of episodes
of my podcast, Revisionist History, including “Saigon 1965,” “The
Prime Minister and the Prof,” and the eponymous series starting
with “The Bomber Mafia” in season 5.



                                x vi i i

                 Copyrighted Material
                        author’s note


    When I was reporting this book, I had dinner with
the then chief of staff of the US Air Force, David
Goldfein. It was at the Air House, on the grounds of
Joint Base Myer–Henderson Hall, in northern Virginia,
                     Author’s
just across the Potomac                  Note
                                River from     Washington, DC—
a grand Victorian on a street of grand Victorians where
many of the country’s top military brass live. After
dinner, General Goldfein invited a group of his friends
and colleagues—other senior Air Force officials—to
joina us.
As    littleWe        in the
                 satlying
              boy,              general’s
                            in his   bed, mybackyard,      five ofhear
                                                                     us
                                                 father would
    planesThey
in total.
the                were On
              overhead.         theirall
                            almost     wayformer    military
                                                         in thepilots.
                                             in. Then,           small
Many of
hours        their
        of the                had beenback
                    fathers heading
                 morning,                   military    pilots. They
                                                 to Germany.      This
wereinthe
was         modern-day
         England,            equivalents
                      in Kent,              of the
                                  a few miles        people
                                                  south        eastare
                                                          andyou     of
going to read
London.           about was
            My father      in this  book.
                                 born        As the
                                        in 1934,      evening
                                                   which    meantworehe
      began
on, Ifive
was            to notice
            when            something.
                   the Second      World War broke out. Kent
    Air   House      is  just
was called Bomb Alley by thethe down                  from Reagan
                                               road because
                                          British,              it was
National
the  English    countyAnd
            Airport.       thatevery
                                 Germanten minutes
                                            warplanes  or so,  a plane
                                                           would    fly
would
over      theiroff
      ontake     way  over   our heads. Nothing fancy: stan-
                        to London.
dardItcommercial       passenger planes,
        was not uncommon,             in thoseflying         that ifora
                                                      to Chicago
                                                   years,
             Charlotte.
Tampa ormissed
bomber                     And every
                      its target         timebombs
                                    or had      one of those    planes
                                                        left over,    it
flew overhead,
would    simply dropthe general     and his comrades
                          them anywhere                     wouldtrip.
                                                on the return        all
        upward,
glanceday,
One           a strayjustbomb
                           to take   a look.
                                  landed    inThey     couldn’t help
                                                 my grandparents’
       garden.Obsessives.
themselves.
back                            My kind It
                  It didn’t explode.            people.
                                            of just  sat there, half
buried in the ground—and I think it fair to say that
if you were a five-year-old boy with an interest in
things mechanical, a German bomb sitting unexploded
in your backyard would have been just about the most
extraordinary experience imaginable.


                                x xv ii vi i

                   Copyrighted Material
THE BOMBER MAFIA




   Copyrighted Material
Copyrighted Material
                introduction




         “This isn’t working.
                You’re out.”



                          1.

There was a time when the world’s largest airport
sat in the middle of the western Pacific, around 1,500
miles from the coast of Japan, on one of a clus-
ter of small tropical islands known as the Marianas.
Guam. Saipan. Tinian. The Marianas are the south-
ern end of a largely submerged mountain range—the
tips of volcanoes poking up through the deep ocean
waters. For most of their history, the Marianas were
too small to be of much interest or use to any-
one in the wider world. Until the age of airpower,
when all of a sudden they took on enormous im-
portance.


                          3

              Copyrighted Material
                 the bomber mafia


    The Marianas were in Japanese hands for most of
the Second World War. But after a brutal campaign,
they fell to the US military in the summer of 1944.
Saipan was first, in July. Then Tinian and Guam, in
August. When the Marines landed, the Seabees—the
Navy’s construction battalion—landed with them and
set to work.
    In just three months, an entire air base—Isely
Field—was fully operational on Saipan. Then, on the
island of Tinian, the largest airport in the world, North
Field—8,500-foot runways, four of them. And follow-
ing that, on Guam, what is now Andersen Air Force
Base, the US Air Force’s gateway to the Far East. Then
came the planes.
    Ronald Reagan narrated war films at the time, and
one of those was devoted to the earliest missions of the
B-29, known as the Superfortress. Reagan described
the plane as one of the wonders of the world, a massive
airship:

   With 2,200 horsepower in each of four engines.
   With a fuel capacity equal to that of a railroad
   tank car. A tail that climbed two stories into the
   air. A body longer than a Corvette. Designed to
   carry more destruction and carry it higher, faster,
   farther than any bomber ever built before. And
   to complete this mission, that’s exactly what she
   was going to have to do.


                           4

               Copyrighted Material
      “this isn’t working. you’re out.”


    The B-29 could fly faster and higher than any other
bomber in the world and, more crucially, farther than
any other bomber. And that extended range—combined
with the capture of the Marianas—meant that for the
first time since the war in the Pacific began, US Army
Air Forces were within striking distance of Japan. A
special unit was created to handle the fleet of bombers
now parked in the Marianas: the Twenty-First Bomber
Command, under the leadership of a brilliant young
general named Haywood Hansell.
    Throughout the fall and winter of 1944, Hansell
launched attack after attack. Hundreds of B-29s
skimmed over the Pacific waters, dropped their pay-
loads on Japan, then turned back for the Marianas.
As Hansell’s airmen prepared to launch themselves at
Tokyo, reporters and camera crews flew in from the
mainland, recording the excitement for the folks back
home.
    Ronald Reagan again:

   B-29s on Saipan were like artillery pointed at
   the heart of Japan . . . The Japs might just as well
   have tried to stop Niagara Falls. The Twenty-
   First Bomber Command was ready to hit its first
   target.

   But then, on January 6, 1945, Hansell’s command-
ing officer, General Lauris Norstad, arrived in the


                            5

               Copyrighted Material
                 the bomber mafia


Marianas. Things were still pretty primitive on Guam:
headquarters were just a bunch of metal Quonset huts
on a bluff overlooking the ocean. Both men would
have been exhausted, not just from the privations of
the moment but also from the weight of their respon-
sibilities.
    I once read a passage by the Royal Air Force
general Arthur Harris about what it meant to be an air
commander in the Second World War:

   I wonder if the frightful mental strain of com-
   manding a large air force in war can ever be
   realized except by the very few who have ex-
   perienced it. While a naval commander may at
   the most be required to conduct a major action
   once or twice in the whole course of the war,
   and an army commander is engaged in one battle
   say once in six months or, in exceptional circum-
   stances, as often as once a month, the commander
   of a bomber force has to commit the whole of it
   every twenty-four hours . . . It is best to leave to
   the imagination what such a daily strain amounts
   to when continued over a period of years.

   So there were Hansell and Norstad in Guam. Two
war-weary airmen, facing what they hoped might be
the war’s final chapter. Hansell suggested a quick tour:
Stand on the beach. Admire the brand-new runways,


                            6

               Copyrighted Material
      “this isn’t working. you’re out.”


cut from the jungle. Chat about tactics, plans. Norstad
said no. He had something more personal to discuss.
And in a moment that would stay with Haywood
Hansell for the rest of his life, Norstad turned to him:
This isn’t working. You’re out.
    “I thought the earth had fallen in—I was completely
crushed.” That’s how, years later, Hansell described his
feelings in that moment. Then Norstad delivered the
second, deeper blow. He said, I’m replacing you with
Curtis LeMay.
    General Curtis Emerson LeMay, thirty-eight years
of age, hero of the bombing campaigns over Germany.
One of the most storied airmen of his generation.
Hansell knew him well. They had served together in
Europe. And Hansell understood immediately that this
was not a standard leadership reshuffle. This was a
rebuke, an about-face. An admission by Washington
that everything Hansell had been doing was now con-
sidered wrong. Because Curtis LeMay was Haywood
Hansell’s antithesis.
    Norstad offered that Hansell could stay on if he
wished, to be LeMay’s deputy, a notion Hansell con-
sidered so insulting that he could barely speak. Norstad
told him he had ten days to finish up. Hansell walked
around in a daze. On his last night in Guam, Hansell had
a little more to drink than usual and sang for his men
while a young colonel played the guitar: “Old pilots
never die, never die, they just fly-y-y away-y-y-y.”


                           7

               Copyrighted Material
                 the bomber mafia


    When Curtis LeMay arrived for the changeover,
he flew himself to the island in a B-29 bomber. “The
Star Spangled Banner” was played. The airmen of
the Twenty-First Bomber Command marched by for
review. A public relations officer proposed a picture of
the two of them to mark the moment. LeMay had a pipe
in his mouth—he always had a pipe in his mouth—and
didn’t know what to do with it. He kept trying to put
it in his pocket. “General,” the aide said, “please let me
hold your pipe while the picture is taken.”
    LeMay said, in a quiet voice, “Where do you want me
to stand?” The cameras clicked and captured Hansell
squinting off into the distance, LeMay looking down at
the ground. Two men, anxious to be anywhere but in
each other’s company. And with that, it was over.
    The Bomber Mafia is the story of that moment.
What led up to it and what happened next—because
that change of command reverberates to this day.



                            2.

There is something that has always puzzled me about
technological revolutions. Some new idea or innovation
comes along, and it is obvious to all that it will up-
end our world. The internet. Social media. In previous
generations, it was the telephone and the automo-
bile. There’s an expectation that because of this new


                            8

               Copyrighted Material
      “this isn’t working. you’re out.”


invention, things will get better, more efficient, safer,
richer, faster. Which they do, in some respects. But then
things also, invariably, go sideways. At one moment,
social media is being hailed as something that will allow
ordinary citizens to upend tyranny. And then in the
next moment, social media is feared as the platform that
will allow citizens to tyrannize one another. The auto-
mobile was supposed to bring freedom and mobility,
which it did for a while. But then millions of people
found themselves living miles from their workplaces,
trapped in endless traffic jams on epic commutes. How
is it that, sometimes, for any number of unexpected
and random reasons, technology slips away from its
intended path?
    The Bomber Mafia is a case study in how dreams
go awry. And how, when some new, shiny idea drops
down from the heavens, it does not land, softly, in
our laps. It lands hard, on the ground, and shatters.
The story I’m about to tell is not really a war story.
Although it mostly takes place in wartime. It is the
story of a Dutch genius and his homemade computer.
A band of brothers in central Alabama. A British
psychopath. Pyromaniacal chemists in a basement labs
at Harvard. It’s a story about the messiness of our
intentions, because we always forget the mess when we
look back.
    And at the heart of it all are Haywood Hansell and
Curtis LeMay, who squared off in the jungles of Guam.


                           9

               Copyrighted Material
              the bomber mafia


One was sent home. One stayed on, with a result
that would lead to the darkest night of the Second
World War. Consider their story and ask yourself—
What would I have done? Which side would I have
been on?




                        10

             Copyrighted Material
